Added Breaking change note and updated Custom error page article (#7280)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 16/umbraco-cms/tutorials/custom-error-page.md

## 404 Errors

{% hint style="info" %}

> To follow this guide successfully, ensure you're using Umbraco version 16.1 or later, as it includes a fix for a regression present in version 16.0. For more details, see the [Breaking changes](https://our.umbraco.com/download/releases/1610) section in the Release Notes.

Author: ```suggestion
To follow this guide successfully, ensure you're using Umbraco version 16.1 or later, as it fixes a regression from version 16.0. For more details, see the [Breaking changes](https://our.umbraco.com/download/releases/1610) section in the Release Notes.
```

5. Click **Save**.
6. Go to the **Templates** folder and edit the generated template.
7. Add your custom markup and design for the error page in the template.
8. Click **Save**.

### [Optional] Create a Container for Error Pages

You can create a *Page Not Found* page directly in your content tree, or organize it within a container for error pages. Using a container allows for better content organization, especially if you plan to handle multiple status codes (for example, 404, 500, maintenance, and so on). Both options work as long as the page ID is referenced correctly in the `appsettings.json` file.

1. Create a new **Document Type**.
2. Name it *Error Pages Container*.
3. Go to the **Structure** Workspace view.
    * Enable **Allow at root**.
    * Add the *Page Not Found* Document Type as an **Allowed child node types**.
    * Click **Choose**.
4. Click **Save**.

![Container Config](images/container.png)

### Add the Content

1. Go to the **Content** section.
2. Create a new content node based on the *Error Pages Container* Document Type. For example *Home Page*.
3. Click **Save** or **Save and Publish**.

![Parent Content Node](images/content-node.png)

> 4. Under it, create a child node using the *Page Not Found* Document Type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Create a child node, using the *Page Not Found* Document Type.
```
